hi guys this is clouds are being audio
commentary and this is Game four of the
best-of-five matchup between in the mrs
l 2009-2010 season played on the first
of January 2010 between flash and calm
and calm finds himself in the eye of
storm and let's hope a place where where
there is relative serenity and let's
hope he can make maintain his composure
here to try and fight back and try and
regain some of that momentum I'm sure
flash fans won't be hoping for that
although as a neutral supporter I think
you want calm to take this because this
game this series has been so spectacular
between these two players you feel that
it really deserves that epic finish it
really deserves that final flourish that
will be provided to us if calm can take
this set and push this into a tiebreaker
back on elneal but first he's gonna have
to find a way to break flash down here
and you can have to find a way to regain
that confidence that he must have lost
that last defeat from flash would have
been absolutely back-breaking I'll have
some of that money thank you that last
defeat although I'm sure it's not
actually a lot of money even though it
was five thousand to five thousand
dollars but i don't think korean won or
actually worth that much so anyway it
looks like and so far the only
disappointing for me from the series
even though i think the quality of the
play has been spectacular the execution
has been perfect and both these guys
have been pushed to their limits and
really flash is being challenged in a
way that i'm not sure he expected to be
he's really being made to play and
really bring me to earn his victory so
far in this matchup but the only
disappointing thing for me has been i
suppose the repetitiveness that has
crept into this matchup we've seen three
matches so far with one racks into CC
and 12 hatch into to hatch muta and it
looks like that's exactly what we seen
from calm anyway he's going for a 12
hatchery yet again it'll be interesting
to see if that once again translates
into a to hatch muda flash putting a
track star i would have liked to have
seen calm do something different flash
scouting in the correct direction
without SED seen that over door which
also will send in the correct direction
by calm but i would like to have seen
calmly perhaps something different
knowing how predictable flash is being
with his builds going for that one
direction to cci I wonder if calm could
have perhaps try maybe even a lurker
rush or something like that
something just a little bit different
maybe even go for three hot rebuild
instead of going for the future Buddha
and tried out micro macro flash because
we saw but of course had he gone for
that in the previous round he needed
those early earlier mutilates to hold
flash opens flash it pushed out with a
medic and wound up quite early so calm
has been has been going with the build
that I guess he feels is the best
encounter flash and he just has to count
on his execution to be able to outplay
flash and I think that that's a tough
tough ask for any player to be able to
do that and will be interesting to see
flash once again puts that one racks of
GCC and he has indeed gone for that he's
put that command center down taking his
expo Florida tracks off away from that
blocking position for News News first
marine and once again it's going to come
down to a repeat in terms of the stuff
the style of matchup between these two
players calm once again getting the six
things out and getting that layer up as
soon as the spar goes down and he's
gonna obviously trying sure that s CB
out of his base but he doesn't really
need to because to be honest flash is
going to be aware that comes going to be
put in spire down straight away I would
just like to see him perhaps do
something different this time around try
and cash flash off guard but flashes
when things are studying for starcraft
but i guess column doesn't feel he's
easy able to do that this time calm i
think for the first time in this matchup
is leaving that SUV alone usually we see
him try and take that se me down before
pushing those legs out but this time
he's pushing those legs out perhaps just
to put a little bit of pressure on his
opponent but flash has already got that
bunker down he's been a supply depot
down he's got a couple marines in there
now campos de s pulls the wings back now
that he's seen that bunker he's gonna
try and take that SED on which obviously
he needs to do and flashes just gonna
try and delay him and with that I CD and
did this this is all on calm now he has
to he has to pull it out of the bag and
I guess he has confidence in himself
that he keeps doing the same thing and
the thing that I suppose he has been
comfortable doing with thus far that he
will be able to pull it out and push it
into a final matchup but but I would
love to hear your thoughts guys on how
we've ended up at this situation where
we've had the same build from each
player four sets in a best of five
matchup in a role it's just it's just
astounding I mean has has the game of
starcraft changed so much in the last
three months since I've been watching it
I can't remember the last time I saw
this we're in a best of five players
went for the exact same build again and
again and again
and considering of course my salt we saw
the three hutch we had you saw the
typical three hatch builds from jay da
in the first game versus flash and then
and then of course we never got to see
what his 12 hatch would have gone into
in the second game he really found
himself in a lot of trouble early on and
that was it but I am I'm a little bit
surprised to see neither player various
strategy or trying anything risky or
anything extremely risky I suppose some
might argue that 12 hatch in them itself
isn't really something you would expect
to use consistently again and again
against flash but it seems it seems to
be the bill that calm is gone for and
flash now once again getting himself set
up he's got that Academy down this bar
coming up and once again it's going to
come down to the Lewis micro and how
effective calm can be with it calm once
again taking that hatchery at the top
right at the one o'clock position but
flash is going to be aware that this is
what calm has been doing I'm sure he's
aware by now that this is the kind of
thing that comment trying to do and
it'll be interesting to see if flash
tries to put a little bit more pressure
on that hatch we early on a prevent calm
from getting that three gas going
quickly hum is of course going to try
and do something similar where he did to
the last game trying to contain flash
use those muta list as effectively as
you can or the game and get that
hatchery up to get those early lurkers
out get the hardness turn down get those
lurkers out and defend that expansion
would lurkers flash now venturing out
with a small group of medical moons and
of course the difference is because this
is on crossmap flash does have a
slightly shorter distance in those was
needless of a shorter distance to cross
to reach the opponent's base comm with
some looks like borrowed zerglings I
thought the war I'm not sure exactly
what that was is no way he would already
in search bar oh so that must have just
been trick on my eyes or something silly
like that but calm